boards: introduce bytesatwork byteSENSI-L (#72658)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/bytesatwork/bytesensi_l/doc/index.rst

+-------+--------------+-------------------------+
| 3     | SDA          | I2C data at P0.16       |
+-------+--------------+-------------------------+
| 4     | INT          | Interrupt at P0.13      |
+-------+--------------+-------------------------+
| 5     | I2C_ADDR     | tied to VBAT            |
+-------+--------------+-------------------------+
| 6     | GND          | Ground                  |
+-------+--------------+-------------------------+

One Wire Sensor @ X2

+-------+----------------+-------------------------+
| PIN # | Signal Name    | Function                |
+=======+================+=========================+
| 1     | VDD            | 4V8                     |
+-------+----------------+-------------------------+
| 2     | IO             | One Wire                |
+-------+----------------+-------------------------+
| 3     | GND            | Ground                  |
+-------+----------------+-------------------------+

External BLE Antenna @ J1

External LoRa Antenna @ J2

External GPS Antenna @ J3

Programming and Debugging
*************************

Flashing
========
The byteSENSI-L board can be flashed with the SEGGER JLink programmer.

> You can build the following samples as demo application:
> 
> #. Build the :ref:`hello_world` sample:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can build and flash applications in the usual way. Here is an example for
the :ref:`hello_world` application.
```

   .. zephyr-app-commands::
      :zephyr-app: samples/sensor/apds9960
      :board: bytesensi_l
      :goals: build flash
      :compact:

#. Build the :ref:`ccs811` sample:

   .. zephyr-app-commands::
      :zephyr-app: samples/sensor/ccs811
      :board: bytesensi_l
      :goals: build flash
      :compact:

#. Build the LoRa samples:

   Using two byteSENSI-L, you can run the LoRa send and receive demo:

   .. zephyr-app-commands::
      :zephyr-app: samples/drivers/lora/receive
      :board: bytesensi_l
      :goals: build flash
      :compact:

   .. zephyr-app-commands::
      :zephyr-app: samples/drivers/lora/send
      :board: bytesensi_l
      :goals: build flash
      :compact:

#. Build the jesd216 flash sample:

   .. zephyr-app-commands::
      :zephyr-app: samples/drivers/jesd216/
      :board: bytesensi_l
      :goals: build flash
      :compact:

#. Build a :ref:`bluetooth-samples`:

   Most of the bluetooth samples should work out of the box, for example,
   building the :ref:`peripheral_hids` sample:

   .. zephyr-app-commands::
      :zephyr-app: samples/bluetooth/peripheral_hids
      :board: bytesensi_l
      :goals: build flash

>       :compact:

Reviewer: Please only list one, there is no point in enumerating so many sample applications

Author: Alright, I'll keep only the ``hello world`` sample, thanks!
